[Editorial] Proposal 1: Split 2.4.1, 2.4.5, 3.2.3, and 3.2.4 into a section for documents and section for software (#716)
w3c/wcag2ict: comments-by-guideline-and-success-criterion.md

This applies directly as written and described in [Intent from Understanding Success Criterion 2.4.5](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/multiple-ways#intent), replacing "web page" with "non-web document" and “set of web pages” with “set of non-web documents”.

With these substitutions, this success criterion would read:

**2.4.5 Multiple Ways:** More than one way is available to locate a <INS>**[[non-web document](#document)]**</INS> within a <INS>**[[set of non-web documents](#set-of-documents)]**</INS> except where the <INS>**[non-web document]**</INS> is the result of, or a step in, a [process](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/#dfn-processes).
<div class="note wcag2ict">
    
See [set of documents](#set-of-documents) in the Key Terms section to determine when a group of documents is considered a set for this success criterion. Those implementing this document (WCAG2ICT) will need to consider if this success criterion is appropriate to apply to non-web documents. See the [Interpretation of Web Terminology in a Non-web Context](#interpretation-of-web-terminology-in-a-non-web-context).</div>
<div class="note wcag2ict">

> The definitions of “[set of documents](#set-of-documents)” in the Key Terms section are predicated on the ability to navigate from each element of the set to each other, and navigation is a type of locating. So the mechanism used to navigate between elements of the set will be one way of locating information in the set. Non-web environments, generally major operating systems with browse and search capabilities, often provide infrastructure and tools that provide mechanisms for locating content in a set of non-web documents. For example, it may be possible to browse through the files that make up a set, or search within members of the set for the names of other members. A file directory would be the equivalent of a site map for documents in a set, and a search function in a file system would be equivalent to a web search function for web pages. Such facilities may provide additional ways of locating information in the set.</div>

Author: Make singular
```suggestion
The definition of “[set of documents](#set-of-documents)” in the Key Terms section is predicated on the ability to navigate from each element of the set to each other, and navigation is a type of locating. So the mechanism used to navigate between elements of the set will be one way of locating information in the set. Non-web environments, generally major operating systems with browse and search capabilities, often provide infrastructure and tools that provide mechanisms for locating content in a set of non-web documents. For example, it may be possible to browse through the files that make up a set, or search within members of the set for the names of other members. A file directory would be the equivalent of a site map for documents in a set, and a search function in a file system would be equivalent to a web search function for web pages. Such facilities may provide additional ways of locating information in the set.</div>
```

<div class="note wcag2ict">
    
While some users may find it useful to have multiple ways to locate some groups of user interface elements within a document, this is not required by the success criterion (and may pose difficulties in some situations).</div>
<div class="note wcag2ict">
    
The definitions of “[set of documents](#set-of-documents)” in WCAG2ICT require every item in the set to be independently reachable, and so nothing in such a set can be a “step in a process” that can't be reached any other way. The purpose of the exception—that items in a process are exempt from meeting this success criterion—is achieved by the definition of set.</div>

> ###### Applying SC 2.4.5 Multiple Ways to Non-Web Documents and Software

Author: Need to change this to be just "software"
```suggestion
###### Applying SC 2.4.5 Multiple Ways to Non-Web Software
```

With these substitutions, this success criterion would read:

**2.4.5 Multiple Ways:** More than one way is available to locate a <INS>**[[non-web software program](#software)]**</INS> within a <INS>**[[set of software programs](#set-of-software-programs)]**</INS> except where the <INS>**[non-web software program]**</INS> is the result of, or a step in, a [process](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/#dfn-processes).

<div class="note wcag2ict">
    
See [set of software programs](#set-of-software-programs) in the Key Terms section to determine when a group of non-web software programs is considered a set for this success criterion. (Sets of non-web software that meet this definition appear to be extremely rare.) Those implementing this document (WCAG2ICT) will need to consider if this success criterion is appropriate to apply to non-web software. See the [Interpretation of Web Terminology in a Non-web Context](#interpretation-of-web-terminology-in-a-non-web-context).</div>
<div class="note wcag2ict">

> The definitions of “[set of software programs](#set-of-software-programs)” in the Key Terms section are predicated on the ability to navigate from each element of the set to each other, and navigation is a type of locating. The mechanism used to navigate between elements of the set would be one way of locating information in the set. Non-web environments, generally major operating systems with browse and search capabilities, often provide infrastructure and tools that provide mechanisms for locating content in a set of non-web software programs. For example, it may be possible to browse through the programs that make up a set, or search within members of the set for the names of other members. Such facilities may provide additional ways of locating information in the set.</div>

Author: Make singular.
```suggestion
The definition of “[set of software programs](#set-of-software-programs)” in the Key Terms section is predicated on the ability to navigate from each element of the set to each other, and navigation is a type of locating. The mechanism used to navigate between elements of the set would be one way of locating information in the set. Non-web environments, generally major operating systems with browse and search capabilities, often provide infrastructure and tools that provide mechanisms for locating content in a set of non-web software programs. For example, it may be possible to browse through the programs that make up a set, or search within members of the set for the names of other members. Such facilities may provide additional ways of locating information in the set.</div>
```
